1. Which of the following materials will be attracted to a magnet? : Iron , Cotton , Plastic, A shark : Iron

2. Gravity is the force which pulls things down to Earth. What is true about the force of gravity on the moon compared to Earth? : It is stronger , It is weaker, It is the same , There is no gravity on the Moon at all. : It is weaker

3. Breaking the barrier of the speed of ____ causes the phenomenon known as the sonic boom. : Light , Sound , Jupiter , A cheetah : Sound

4. Which body in our Solar System was once classified as a planet, but isn't any more? : Pacman , Saturn , Pluto , Uranus : Pluto

5. Take this scenario: (The two people will be the same distance from the middle) A small boy is sitting on one end of a seesaw (teeter-totter). If a really fat man jumps on the other side, what would happen to the child? : He would move upwards , He would move downwards , He would stay in the same place , He would be propelled into space : He would move upwards.

6. When you go ice-skating, you find that your most-embarrassing-aunt-of-all-time keeps falling over! What quantity has been reduced to cause her to fall? : Gravity , Your aunt's pride , Magnetism , Friction : Gravity

7. What was the name of the man who shouted 'Eureka' when he got into the bath? : Leonarda Da Vinci , Archimedes , Isaac Newton , Harry Potter : Archimedes

8. Which of the following substances acts as an insulator to (stops) the path of electricity? :  Metal , Grandma Josephine , Impure Water , Rubber : Rubber

9. Now, light is very interesting. White light can be split into seven different colours, pretty much like a rainbow. Which of the following isn't one of those colours? : Yellow , Red , Brown , Orange : Brown

10. Feeling confident kids? Then, which of the following is a term for a type of energy? : Your physics teacher , Water , Kinetic , Animal : Kinetic

11. When light bends as it enters a different medium the process is known as what? : Diffraction , Reflection , Refraction, Diffusion : Refraction

12. A magnifying glass is what type of lens? : Concave , Convex , Sapphire , Spectacles : Convex

13. Electric resistance is typically measured in what units? : Kilometres, Seconds , Watts, Ohms : Ohms

14. A person who studies physics is known as a? : Astrologist , Scientist, Physicist , Mathematician : Physicist

15. Metals expand when heated and do what when cooled? : Disappear , Expand , Multiply , Contract : Contract

16. What is the first name of the famous scientist who gave us Newton’s three laws of motion? : Edward , Christopher , James , Isaac : Isaac

17. Electric power is typically measured in what units? : Joules , Watts , Ohms , Amperes : Watts

18. The most recognized model of how the universe begun is known as the? : Explosion , Big Bang , Beginning , Nebula : Big Bang 

19. Who is the Hubble Space Telescope named after? : Albert Hubble , Edwin Hubble , Aldo Hubble , Constance Hubble : Edwin Hubble

20. The wire inside an electric bulb is known as the what? : Filament , Tungsten , Copper , Stainless Steel : Filament

21. Theoretical physicist James Maxwell was born in what country? : England , United States , Scotland , China : Scotland

22. What kind of eclipse do we have when the moon is between the sun and the earth? : Solar , Lunar , Martian , Terrain : Solar

23. What is the earth’s primary source of energy?: Wind currents, The moon, The Sun, Earth's lava : The Sun

24. Electric current is typically measured in what units? : Amperes , Watts, Volts , Kilometres : Amperes

25. What scientist is well known for his theory of relativity? : Stephen Hawking , Albert Einstein , James Watt, Stevie Wonder : Albert Einstein

26. Earth is located in which galaxy? : Nova , Milky Way , Andromeda , Virgo A : Milky Way

27. Which of the following is not a state of matter? : Solid , Liquid , Plasma, Gas : Plasma

28. What is the ability to do work called ? : Energy , Force , Electricity , Force : Energy

29. What pulls us to the Earth? : Gravity , Love , Inertia, Magnet : Gravity

30. What happens when an object blocks the sun's rays? : Darkness, Sun disppears , Object ignites , Shadow formed : Shadow formed